bpo-35621: Support running subprocesses in asyncio when loop is executed in non-main thread (#14344)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-policy.rst

      Note: loop may be ``None``.

   .. method:: is_active()

>       Returns ``True`` is the watcher is ready to use, e.g. :py:data:`SIGCHLD`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Return ``True`` if the watcher is ready to use.
```

(Fix a typo; drop the "e.g." and everything after it)

Reviewer: "Spawning a subprocess with *inactive* current child watcher raises :exc:`RuntimeError`." on a new line.

      handler is installed, a loop is attached etc.  Spawning a subprocess with
      *inactive* current child watcher raises :exc:`RuntimeError`.

      .. versionadded:: 3.8

   .. method:: close()

      Close the watcher.

      This method has to be called to ensure that underlying
      resources are cleaned-up.

.. class:: ThreadedChildWatcher

   This implementation starts a new waiting thread for every subprocess spawn.

   The watcher can be used by asyncio code executed in non-main thread without any

>    limitation.

Reviewer: -> "This watcher implementation works reliably even when the asyncio event loop is run in a non-main OS thread".

   There is no noticeable overhead when handling a big number of children (*O(1)* each

>    time a child terminates) but stating a thread per process is not free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   time a child terminates), but stating a thread per process requires extra memory.
```

>    asyncio uses this safe implementation by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This watcher is used by default.
```

   .. versionadded:: 3.8

.. class:: MultiLoopChildWatcher

   This implementation registers a :py:data:`SIGCHLD` signal handler on

>    instantiation (which may conflict with other code that install own handler for this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   instantiation. That can break third-party code that installs a custom handler for `SIGCHLD`.
```
